## Wolt Summer 2020 Internship Pre-Assignment (Front-end)

Hi, I am Michael Castr, I am applying for Wolt Internship program 2020.

### How this works
The site shows a list of 50 restaurants in Helsinki area. When the site is first loaded, the "Blurhash" shows for 2 seconds. There are 2 buttons to sort the restaurants alphabetically and vice versa. You can click the pictures of the restaurant and a modal will appear that show more information about the restaurant. 

### How I came up with the site
The first thing I did was to read the procedure carefully so I can have clear picture about the flow of my project. I know already that I am applying for front-end internship so option 1 is the right task for me. My initial plan is to create the skeleton, then write functions and design the project. If I have more time, I planned to add more features and also, implement some testing.

I started with making the parent component <Restaurant> and from there, I imported the file from restaurant.json and render all the 50 restaurants. I created a child component <Resto> to render it. Next is I made 2 buttons for sorting. Also, I did some designing using CSS. I didn't have much problem doing all those tasks above, it was pretty straight-forward. By this time, it has almost all the requirements from the pre-assignment and I felt it is "ok", but I know that "ok" will not get me an internship so I added some features.

I added a <ModalWindow> component so when users click on the picture, a modal will appear to show more information about the restaurant. I had some issues doing this, like how do I pass to <Modal> component the picture the user click, since it is <Resto> that renders those pictures. What I did is I make a function (handleClick(restaurant)) that is defined in <Restaurant> and is passed to <Resto> via props. Basically it works that when the picture is clicked, it set a value on the state "chosenRestaurant". The challenge is how do I pass the information from child to parent. I had some experience with this before so I just made a callback function, and inside the callback, I can include the parameters. Also, the handleClick function set the state "showModal" to true, trigerring the <ModalWindow>. In <ModalWindow>, I passed the "chosenRestaurant" and "showModal" state, plus the function "handleModal" that will close the Modal window when a button is clicked. I used react-bootstrap to help me with the modal design.

In the description of the pre-assignment, there is bonus task, Blurhash. I searched the net how to use it and so I did install the module and used it in my project. What I did is I put a setTimeout function inside the lifecycle method componentDidMount and it will run after 2 sec. So within the first 2 sec, the Blurhash will appear instead of the image of the restaurant and after 2 sec, the state "showBlurhash" will be set to false and the image of the restaurant will be shown. I passed the state "showBlurhash" to <Resto> component so it knows what to render.

My next step is the testing. I have very little experience with testing. I am aware that the most recommended framework is Jest, so I did my testing with Jest. The problem is I had a diffulty setting up Jest and it's dependencies so I tried using Cypress IO. It really has good user interface and I did already some tests, like the sorting button and it went well. But when I tried testing for the state and component of my React app, I was lost. I can't figure out how and there are very little information in the internet about testing components using Cypress, so I go back to Jest as it is more popular and I can find more information about how to use it from the internet. I again tried installing Jest and also Enzyme, which helps with testing react component. It took me almost 2 nights(as I have a full time job in the day)
to have a working Jest, Enzyme. I did the test, it is not as complicated as I thought. Though the problem with Jest is that it has conflict with Blurhash as it export PureComponen. I tried fixing these but in the end, I just made a two files, that's the reason that I have 2 repositories, one with the testing included, but without Blurhash, and the other is with Blurhash, testing file included but will not work.

When I finished testing, I think of some ways to make it better, as I still have more time. I though maybe a google map showing where the restaurant is can be placed inside modal, since I have the location information from restaurant.json. I did install the google-map-react module to render a map inside the modal. I created a <Map> component and imported it to <ModalWindow>